I'm going to make some pasta today
sounds good to me I'm going to use some
detail eating pasta and we're going to
use quite a bit of olive oil and some
tomatoes and some cannellini beans and
some white pepper and garlic and I have
pecorino romano here and a bay leaf and
I have like two kinds of parsley just a
little bit and a little bit of basil out
this is all out of my garden I'll call
it I don't have a lot let's get started
I'm going to take them put some olive
oil in my pan here maybe a little more
but decent amount I'm going to add my
garlic this is five cloves of garlic now
I'm going to turn the heat on I'll turn
it on about medium maybe a little below
medium I'm gonna gently cook this garlic
and in the meantime I want to take my
two cans of white beans I'll put them in
my strainer and rinse them as well the
garlic is starting to turn brown and we
really don't want it to go any further
than that just Brown lightly I'm gonna
add the can of tomatoes add a bay leaf
and some salt about 1/2 a teaspoon of
coarse salt and turn the heat up a
little bit and get this going to come up
to a bubble I'm going to cut up some of
the tomatoes and I had a about 1/2 TSP
of salt that you saw me do because these
tomatoes really don't have any salt they
actually have a little bit but it's says
on the ax can 15 milligrams per serving
we're American Tomatoes usually have 500
milligrams or more so they're virtually
unsalted
and I'm just gonna let this gently
simmer for about 20 minutes it's been
going for 20 minutes and I took some of
the oil and skim some of the oil off the
top and put it in here because I thought
I put just a tad bit too much now I'm
going to add the beans and stir those in
and once it comes back up to a bubble
well let it bubble for another 15
minutes just so everything can kind of
combine and marry flavor I have my pot
of water here to boil the pasta in and
we'll start it well this gets going next
you take your pasta that you cooked put
it in there and your spices noting your
spices your herbs which basil is best
but I didn't have much so I put in some
parsley as well and let's stir this up
and turn your heat off and we're ready
to plate and I also put the plate in
here I also put about 1/4 of teaspoon of
white pepper in this at the last moment
I forgot to show it to you added the
pepper whenever I added the herbs and if
you like and then just a little bit of
your extra special olive oil on top
that's optional and of course your I'm
using Romano you can use Parmesan give
it a try
I'm so hungry
very nice pasta with beans something
economical and delicious thanks so much
for watching